*The numbness of nothing creeps back into your senses, it starts with a couple thoughts... Before, the grey that has been haunting your sight begins to creep away only into the recesses of your peripheral vision. You ever so slightly over time gain senses in your body, hearing a slight hiss of steam and some form of venting procedure, the ends of your arms and legs however still feel nothing apart from them beginning to twitch. Just at the same time as your vision becomes more clear you remember that you are conscious, reminding yourself of your sentience yet some erroneous thoughts still slip through your mind... You can hardly remember your name, your age and who you are as it slightly moments by moments comes back to you as it's all concealed by a thick fog that is slowly dissapating. With most of your control over yourself you can... See, a slight reflection of your face from within a glass panel that covers you... You seem to be in some form of stasis chamber or cryo pod. The pod begins to open, and from the world outside of the thrumming of the machine, a piercing alarm claws it's way into your chamber... Along with flashing red lights. Some microphone feedback cuts it's way into the room through a speaker. "Pilots!" it speaks in a feminine voice, "Sorry to wake you all from your nap but we're being boarded! Get to your mechs now!"*

The adventure begins with a bang, starting off the bat into a tense situation dropping them straight into the direction of combat. The PC's are likely fresh to their characters at this point. They awaken to a room with 6 Stasis chambers within it, a number equal to the PC count are occupied and currently in the process of awakening, one of them is already open and any remaining stasis chambers are offline. Describe to the PCs as they awaken that their memory is foggy but parts of it returns, as a consequence to an emergency wake up from the stasis chambers. Get them to describe their characters as they awaken, this may be the first time the PCs have actually interacted with each-other in character outside of passing hello's, potentially they have met each other before, maybe this isn't their first operations together and they've been working as a team in the past. This type of stuff should have been referenced when making the team or as a session 0, or if there was a prior campaign.

Either way, as the PC's are waking up they can roleplay with the brainfog as much as they are comfortable with, they aren't total amnesiacs from this and it mostly also plays as an excuse for why players might be getting into character for the first time. The players may not be familiar with their characters yet. Once everyone is out their stasis pods and introduced a voice blares over the comms yet again. This is %%boss name%%, who took the helm of the ship on approach to Pawan and is now waking the players up now the ship is under attack.

*"Pilots, I see you're awake and standing. Sorry to wake you up with emergency procedures. Your memories will probably be coming back to you slowly but hopefully you can still fight. We got some hostile boarders in the cargo bay, they've attached some jammers which are stopping our landing systems. If you don't repel them soon you'll end up turning to paste upon landing. So out of all of our interests make your way there with haste."*

The PC's may have some questions initially, %%boss name%% will not be willing to answer anything that isn't essential and her patience will be tested if she is asked too much. If the PC's ask where they're a series of emergency lights will turn on that lead down the corridor on a path to the mech hangar.

Once the PC's begin to head to the mech bay, the gravity aboard the ship is running wild, the deceleration from the ships thrusters is going haywire and the ship is additionally on approach to an orbital body which is beginning to pull on them. In a combination of free-fall and deceleration the PCs make their way through the ship before they reach a hangar. The Mech hangar contains the parties mechs. Despite the foggy memories the PCs have they still have the skill and training to recognise their mechs and engage and pilot them. Once all PCs have embarked, they may open the blast doors to the door to the cargo bay to repel the boarders moving onto **Combat 1: Welcoming party**